initial ssl_exporter implementation (#1692)
grafana/agent: docs/user/configuration/integrations/integrations-next/ssl-config.md

+++
title = "ssl_exporter_config"
+++

# ssl config

> The `ssl` block configures the `ssl` integration,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `ssl` block to configure `ssl` integration.
```

> which is an embedded version of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'ssl integration' is a embedded version of
```

> [`ssl_exporter`](https://github.com/ribbybibby/ssl_exporter). This allows collection of SSL certificate metrics from hosts and files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`ssl_exporter`](https://github.com/ribbybibby/ssl_exporter). This enables the collection of SSL certificate metrics from hosts and files.
```

## Quick configuration example

> To get started, define SSL targets in Grafana agent's integration block:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define SSL targets in Grafana agent's integration block:
```

> Define SSL targets in Grafana agent's integration block:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define SSL targets in Grafana Agent's integration block:
```

    [scrape_interval: <duration> | default = <integrations.metrics.autoscrape.scrape_interval>]
    [scrape_timeout: <duration> | default = <integrations.metrics.autoscrape.scrape_timeout>]

  # An optional extra set of labels to add to metrics from the integration target. These
  # labels are only exposed via the integration service discovery HTTP API and
  # added when autoscrape is used. They will not be found directly on the metrics
  # page for an integration.
  extra_labels:
    [ <labelname>: <labelvalue> ... ]

  #
  # Exporter-specific configuration options
  #

  # SSL configuration file with custom modules.
  # See https://github.com/ribbybibby/ssl_exporter#configuration-file for more details how to generate custom config.file.
  # If not defined, embedded ssl_exporter default set of modules is used.
  [config_file: <string> | default = ""]

  # List of SSL targets to poll
  ssl_targets:
    [- <ssl_target> ... ]

```

## ssl_target config

```yaml
  # Name of a ssl_target
  [name: <string>]

  # The address of SSL device
  [target: <string>]

  # SSL module to use for polling
  [module: <string> | default = ""]
```

## About ssl_exporter Modules

> Read more about the supported modules at [ribbybibby/ssl_exporter](https://github.com/ribbybibby/ssl_exporter#configuration)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fro more information on the supported modules, refer to [ribbybibby/ssl_exporter](https://github.com/ribbybibby/ssl_exporter#configuration)
```

# ssl config

The `ssl` block configures the `ssl` integration,

> 'ssl integration' is a embedded version of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'ssl integration' is an embedded version of
```
